Okay,
let's talk about facts about information technology.
Now,
I'm gonna go over the statistics that really numbers that I gathered together,
which will tell you whether you have made the right decision or not,
whether this I t feel is right for you or not.
So let's look at a few of them now.
I t role in our life is very important.
Out days you have information technology or technology gadgets everywhere you have that in
TV and cars you do shopping online.
You have phoned full of technology.
Then I t jobs are expected to grow by 22% till 2020.
Now,
remember,
guys,
we are into 2018 and in two years it's gonna increase by 22%.
68% off.
Companies are struggling to find qualified I t candidates.
What?
It means that 100% of the companies that we have here out of those 68% are still having
trouble finding the right person.
Are many.
I T professionals are making mawr than medical professional nowadays.
Now this is not just a fact,
but it's it's actually I have seen with my own eyes that there are I T people who are
making way more than physicians and doctor and people who are in medical field.
Now,
64% off the companies are investing in I t initiated companies that are not in I t.
That are manufacturing clothes,
building cars,
building pianos,
making carpets any kind of companies they need,
i t.
And out of those 64% of them are investing in i t.
You don't need ah,
high level of education to start in I t.
No,
I'm definitely not encouraging.
Those who don't want to go and pursue their bachelor's and master's have definitely
discouraged them.
I am just telling people who cannot afford to go to college or who cannot afford to go toe
for masters degree.
You could still get into I t buy it going through some certification,
some courses,
and you gotta gain some experience and you could enter the I T field.
And,
of course,
if you have a bashes,
agree,
and if you have a master's degree,
sky is the limit and you will succeed in I t field so fast I teach job salary ranges from
40,000 to 400,000 again.
It depends on your experience,
your skills and,
of course,
your qualification as poor.
Bureau of Labor Statistics in 2016 the median income off a bachelor's degree holder having
an entry level job in i t.
Is making above $100,000.
Ah,
US tech industry worker now anyone Any U.
S tech industry worker.
Annual wage is above $100,000 as compare to $50,000 off any other worker in any other
sector.
And the last one is and us in 2015 the jobs that were outsourced,
the I T jobs that were outsourced were over two million.
The guys that that's definitely definitely something wrong here.
It means we don't have the right people.
So we are spending our time in different fields.
Not that there's anything wrong with other fields,
but if you have a field that is growing so fast,
so rapidly and companies don't have,
don't don't don't can't find people to fulfill those jobs than than what ask yourself,
Are you getting Are you making the right decision?
But getting into the right field,
I have to say yes.